Lix
say a phone jumping horde my nigga drew
in the kitchen cooking up that whole
stay it's the work cuz we put
hey York's in the ATO custom with the
squeeze apology some niggas niggas
wishing any streets I'm 1000 gram nigga
but that come receipt bacon somebody go
little whipping Nick assist bags a three
from nothing to something the product
item keys work on the block what you
won't got what you need itself stays
down Northside to take sees what the
legs is puffy pissing beam buddy up
about my deaf Latinas they've got a few
real tickles left out Philippines but
when they see it that we go by once
again three-story house motherfucker
spouse you know I'm looking good like a
fucking bounce neck full of no